# TenStackOverFlowQuestion
Please check the programming assignment below.   Suppose that I am interested in the area of Android development. I like to browse and answer Stack Overflow questions that are related to Android. However, it is tedious to search for the relevant questions on Stack Overflow.   I would like to see the titles of the 10 newest Android-related questions and the 10 most voted Android-related questions posted in the past week, on one page. In this way I can easily keep track of the relevant questions. In addition, I would like to be able to read the full information of these questions in a convenient way.  Hi Wanqing,  In the next 48 hours, can you implement the following: - Extracting from stackoverflow.com the 10 newest Android-related questions, as well as the 10 most voted Android-related questions posted in the past week. - Building a simple website that displays the titles of the extracted questions. - Providing a convenient way of displaying the full question thread after I click on one of the titles. - Adding a cool feature that you came up with yourself (please explain the feature in your documentation).   You can use the programming language and tools that are convenient for you. Please keep track of your progress and all your code inside a GitHub repository.   After you finish, please share with me: - The URL of the GitHub repository. - A zipped copy of the website on which I can view the output (or even better, a link to the website, or how to build the website locally with simple steps). - Documentation of the features and how to use your tool (better include the documentation in the GitHub repository).
